ROAST V2.0:

Major feature added: costumized electrode placement. Users can specify any electrode from EEG 10/20, 10/10, 10/05 and BioSemi-256 system, and even electrodes at customized locations. They can customize the shape, size and orientation (only for pad electrode) of each electrode individually.

Can use T2 to help segmentation.

Can control mesh options of iso2mesh.

Can give each simulation a customized tag.

The New York head is added.

Can handle non-1mm resolution MRI and non-RAS MRI.

Improved the visualization function.


ROAST V2.1:
Fixed a bug on placing electrodes on non-1mm data
Added resampling and zero-padding options
Can align T2 automatically if it's not aligned with T1

ROAST V2.6:

Improved disc and ring placement so that for large electrodes, gel can be fully filled between scalp surface and the electrodes.

Memory improvement when placing big electrodes.

Allow zero-padding on New York head, but prevent users from resampling New York head to 1 mm resolution.

Fixed the problem that iso2mesh will crash on 64-bit Windows for large models.

Fixed a bug on removing connected objects in segmentation touch-up routine.

Combined 6 mask files into one single color file, so that users can save disk space, and also New York head can be uploaded to github.

Added function of saving all the results in the NIFTI format.

Improved the logic for labeling different electrodes, so that some electrode montages can now be simulated (cannot be done under the old labeling logic).

Model each electrode/gel as a separate mask, so that they can be assigned to different conductivity values (e.g. different conductivities for pad vs. disc).

Added logic to detect if neighboring electrodes are overlapping each other. Throw out errors if they overlap.

Introduced a new function (reviewRes.m) with simpler interface to review ROAST results, and it allows users to choose which tissue to display.

Added display of flow of electric field by small arrows in the slice show.

Opened conductivities as user options.

Can output a 3D rendering of electrode placement result, before building the FEM model.

ROAST V2.7:
Upgraded SPM8 to SPM12, with all customized code in SPM8 transferred into SPM12. Now Mac users will not have any problems when running ROAST under Matlab version 2017 and later.
